[XTMH] add enrollment documentation (#313)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/administration/hub.md

# XTM Hub

> Welcome to the guide for managing the enrollment of your OpenCTI platform with the XTM Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the guide on registering your OpenCTI platform with the XTM Hub.
```

## Introduction

> This document will guide you through the steps required to enroll or unenroll your OpenCTI platform with the XTM Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will guide you through the steps required to register or unregister your OpenCTI platform with the XTM Hub.
```

## Enrolling Your Platform

To enroll your OpenCTI platform into the XTM Hub, follow these steps:

1. **Access the Settings:**
    - Ensure you have the necessary permissions.
    - Navigate to the XTM Hub settings.

> 2. **Initiate Enrollment:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Initiate Registration:**
```

    - Click on the "Register in XTM Hub" button.
    - A new tab will open with your XTM Hub account.

3. **Log In:**
    - Log in with your account credentials.
    - Choose the organization where you want to enroll your OpenCTI platform.

> 4. **Complete Enrollment:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Complete Registration:**
```

>     - Once enrollment is complete, you will be redirected back to your OpenCTI platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Once resgitration is complete, you will be redirected back to your OpenCTI platform.
```

> ## Unenrolling Your Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unregistering Your Platform
```

To unenroll your platform, follow these steps:

1. **Eligibility:**
    - If your platform is already enrolled, you will have the option to unenroll it.

2. **Unenrollment Process:**
    - This action will remove the link between your OpenCTI platform and the XTM Hub, thus disabling access to hub features.
    - Go to the XTM Hub settings page and click on the "Unenroll" button.

> 3. **Reenrollment:**

Reviewer: Not sure about the naming here, WDYT @nino-filigran @jbanety ?

>     - Don't worry; it’s possible to reenroll your platform at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Don't worry; it’s possible to re-register your platform at any time.
```
